Added some more hand in documentation, removed unfishined instructions, and make language preference bold (#6)
gilion-tech/backend-interview-case: README.md

- You can expect that we'd like to add multiple or similar endpoints and that you are not able to keep it all in memory of the application at all times. 

- **We primarily work with Golang/Python but the take home assignment can be done in any programming language of choice.**

## Instructions
To launch with docker-compose, ensure you have it installed, then cd to this directory and do `docker-compose up --build`
We'd like to be able to run the application with docker-compose, so please add your application to the `docker-compose.yml` file. 

## When you’re done 

> Make a private github repository and invite `jens-gilion`, `GeorgianaTurcsanyi` and `gilion-joel-b`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a private github repository, push your solution there and invite `jens-gilion`, `GeorgianaTurcsanyi` and `gilion-joel-b`.  Don't forget to let our recruitment team you are done so we can take a look at your solution.
```
